The one who always loves me, wishing me to grow up,
still forgiving me when I do
wrong, because in my heart there is always her,
kindling faith and hope, and then I will walk this path of life
smoothly, don't worry, because
she is always there for
me. In life, there may be many people who are wise and kind to her, I am grateful to her, the one who supports me, never letting go or complaining, even when I stumble in life, she is always there behind me. And I will remember the Buddha's teachings, the
lessons she taught me, I will always carry with
me,
and I will faithfully repay her kindness. The
Buddha's teachings are not difficult, but I will always carry with me, and
I will faithfully repay her
kindness.
[Music]
We respectfully ask her, in our
journey of growing up and maturing, there are
times when we stumble because of
our own unwholesome thoughts, because of arrogance, anger, and greed.
But thanks to her
kind guidance and support...  We have just managed to
recover and move forward. There were times when
we were stressed because of our
studies, work, or relationships
in life, but you gently came to our side,
using Buddhist teachings to soothe the
wounds we were experiencing. Thanks to
you, our journey of growing up
has become more complete and meaningful. November
is Teachers' Day, and you
are a special teacher to our
Youth Club and Rahula Club. You
taught us
noble and meaningful moral lessons.
We have been waiting for this day for a
long time to make
gifts of gratitude to you. These gifts may
not be of great material value, but
they are made from the special feelings
we want to send to you. We
respectfully thank you and
promise you that we will always diligently practice Buddhism to
learn how to think and
apply the Buddha's teachings to our lives, bringing
benefits to ourselves, our families, and society,
because we know that
our growth in Buddhism
is the greatest gift.  The most meaningful gift we offer to you, Teacher, is our
wish for you to always be healthy and
soon achieve enlightenment to
benefit all sentient beings. We
just want to say that we love you
very, very much.
Thank you so much to the children in the
youth club for composing such a beautiful song
to thank me, but this song is
for all of you,
because you will become useful people
to those around you.
This song is for all of us.
We must all train ourselves to
become useful people to
those around us, first and foremost
to our families. Thank you
very much, children.
Indeed, your growth
is the joy of the Master, the joy of the
Sangha, and the joy of me, because
the Master, the Sangha, and I all share
one purpose: to wish for you to be
happy, to grow, to
live confidently, to be masters of your
own lives, and not to be invaded by all the evils of the world.  My dear
children, you have created so
much good karma so that you may have a
good life. That is my greatest wish. I wish
you all in the children's club that you
will achieve high results in the upcoming exam.
And for those who have finished their studies, I
wish you all career advancement,
and most importantly, I wish you all the
ability to handle important situations. My
greatest wish is that you will handle
all situations that come your way
positively and overcome them all to
find joy.
And to all the children in the La H La club,
I have received all the flowers and
all your heartfelt feelings. I have received
flowers from everyone,
do you understand? I only wish that you all
be
diligent and do many homework assignments so that you will
gradually become
loved by your older siblings and your parents, so that you will
become a flower in
your family. Do you understand? Flowers spread
fragrance, do you understand? Have
you ever done good deeds?  Have you been praised by your parents?
Did you like it then?
So you should try to do many
good things to make your parents happy. That is,
when your parents praise you, when your grandparents
praise you, everyone is
very happy. At that time,
have you given everyone a flower? Then, when
you do good deeds,
you learn these lessons to get good results:
you learn to eat independently, you don't ask your
parents to feed you, you bathe yourself, you wash your own
clothes, you do your own chores, you
pick flowers. Do you understand? Do
you understand? At those times, you
pick flowers so that later, when there are results, your
parents will be happy. Is that right? When your parents are
happy, do you feel happy?
So you must plant a flower of the heart
within yourself. A diligent heart of studying is the
flower of the heart. A diligent heart of studying and working
is the tree, and the good deeds
are the flowers offered to your parents and everyone else.
Do you understand? So you must
plant flowers yourself, okay? Because
this lotus flower is the only one.  The flowers are just on the outside, the
chrysanthemums are just the flowers on the outside, but the flowers of the heart are what truly matter,
do you understand? The older
members of the Youth Club should know that you
children are in La Ho La. Every day you
plant flowers of the heart, every day you cultivate flowers of the heart.
Gradually, you will grow up
to be like the older members of the Youth Club,
exploring the garden of the heart. Right
now, you children are cultivating first,
so you can explore from a young age, while the
older members are exploring higher things within the heart. These small plants,
though small, produce a kind of fruit.
Now you children are exploring to make it bloom,
but the older members are exploring to
make it bear fruit, right? That's
why the older
members are exploring to make the fruit edible because they
have to work, labor,
and earn money, so they have to
explore to make it bear fruit. You children
are exploring to make it bloom, flower and fruit are one and the same.
Yes, we respectfully greet our club
leaders. Now, we would like to
present the meaning of the gifts we received
today.  Today, first, we have a
bouquet made of
tiny stars. Each star represents our
gratitude and
wishes to you, our teacher. The star bouquet
symbolizes the light you have
kindled, the light of hope for us young people.
We vow to follow the light of
Buddhist teachings for happiness in this life and
many lives to come. Next, we have a
cake. In the
center of the cake is a chrysanthemum,
symbolizing our beloved homeroom teacher
with her noble Bodhi mind, who inspires
us with morality and goodness.
Around us are six
regions of the earth, symbolizing the
upward growth of our hearts. From the
dry, thorny ground to the
sowing of seeds,
nurtured and blossoming, bearing fruit – this
is also our process of growth.
Finally, we have a gift from the
Rahula Club. This is a book
handmade by the members of the Rahula Club;
each page tells a story.  The
growth process of the
Rahula children under the guidance and
love of their homeroom teacher. The first page
marks a special moment when
we joined the Rahula Club,
with her as our homeroom teacher from the
second page to the end. That's the
process of us, from tiny seeds,
beginning to blossom with morality and love through
the lessons of Karma and Good Deeds that she
taught us, which is knowing how to practice filial piety,
helping our grandparents and parents.
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh, the older members of the Youth Club, do
n't you see how rich the children are? Their hearts are manifested in
these creative things, and these are the
images that make me happiest: love
for their mother, affection for their father, obedience in the
family, and academic achievements. This is what makes me
very
happy because the children in the
Rahula Club have the necessary qualities. That
is, taking care of their hearts so that they have
blessings, and this has spread to
their families, isn't that wonderful?
Children in the Rahula Club, let's
make it happen!  She is very happy. All the
gifts today are very meaningful, and
these gifts all express this heart.
Firstly, the heart of gratitude. This gratitude is
n't just about thanking her;
a person with a grateful heart is someone who knows how to repay
kindness. The heart of gratitude is within you as you
grow up. The Buddha taught that a person
with respect and gratitude is
respected by everyone, from the gods to the spirits. Wherever such a person goes, they
receive help. Remember, a
person with a grateful heart will be rewarded.
And here, the
gift represents the six hearts
within us, the six good hearts that
develop. For example, the heart of obedience, the heart of gratitude, the heart of diligence, the heart of
kindness. Understand
that all these good hearts
are nurtured: the heart of filial piety, the heart of righteousness, the heart of loyalty, the heart of
perseverance. When all
these good hearts develop, you
will benefit. Isn't that right? I am very
grateful for the gift. It is very meaningful, and
I think this gift is more like a report of the results.
This is called the report on the learning achievements of
the members of the Youth Club,
and this is also a report on the
learning achievements of the children in the
club. I am very happy and
grateful to receive this gift.
Thank you very much, my children. [
Applause]
[Music]